[bright music playing]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[ding]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
* Do-be-do-be-do-do-do. oh *
["No More 'I Love You's'"
by Annie Lennox plays]
* Do-be-do-be-do-do-do. oh *
[man] Zoey. I've loved you
since the moment I saw you.
You knocked me off my feet.
remember?
I knew even then.
and I think you did too.
that what we've got
is something special.
something powerful.
something real.
When I look into your eyes.
I see our whole lives.
The good days. the bad days.
the birthdays. the old age.
I... I want to do it all. Zoey!
As long as I can do it
with you.
And sure. it won't be perfect.
but nothing in this world
is perfect.
except for you.
I'm ready to build a life.
a family. a future. together.
but that all starts
with one question.
Zoey...
Uh. what's your last name again?
Brooks.
Zoey Brooks. will you marry me?
[people gasping and exclaiming]
What are you doing?
I'm asking for your hand.
We've been on two dates.
Two perfect dates
that I would like to turn
into forever. so. will you
make me the happiest--
No. no. definitely not.
absolutely not.
Not in a million years. no!
Well. maybe
if you said "yes" now.
and then we could talk
about it later.
Byron. stand up.
Yeah. Hi.
You know this is weird. right?
Yeah. I know it's weird.
Just. I'm 30 and a half
and I live with my mom.
and I'm the lead singer
of a Maroon 5 cover band.
I don't really get
a lot of second dates.
Thank you for your honesty.
Byron.
I'm sure there's someone
out there for you.
it just isn't me.
So I need to leave.
Yeah. that. uh.
that makes sense.
You gonna be all right?
Oh yeah. I'm. uh.
yeah. I'll be fine.
All right.
So I'll call you?
Please don't.
Okay.
-Congratulations!
["Celebrity Skin" by Hole plays]
* Oh. make me over *
* I'm all I wanna be *
* A walking study *
* In demonology *
* Hey. so glad
you could make it *
* Yeah.
now you've really made it *
* Hey. so glad
you could make it now *
[hard rock music ends]
[screaming]
[electricity buzzing]
[bright music playing]
[host] You're watching
LOVE: Fully Charged.
Welcome to sunny
Malibou Lake. California.
where 12 sexy singles
will spend the summer
searching
for their perfect match.
with the grand prize
of either true love
or a car.
This season. we've taken
a stupid old
Pontiac Solstice Coupe
and we've converted it
into the electric vehicle
of your dreams.
With a range of 300 miles
and self-driving capabilities.
this is the fully charged LUV-6.
Now buckle up because this week.
Jordan B. and Jordyn J.
go on their first date.
[mellow music playing]
What's up?
I currently drive
a 2009 Ford Fiesta.
no A/C. no rearview mirror.
so you know I'm gunnin'
for that Pontiac.
But Jordyn J. is lookin'
super hot today.
so. yeah. I guess my head
is starting to turn!
[giggling]
You're lookin' super hot today.
-You want some wine?
-Yeah. thanks.
[laughter]
So look. why'd you pick me
to go on a date?
Uh...
[chuckles nervously]
[music stops]
Uh...
[chuckles]
Um...
Tell her to go. Go. go!
[chuckles nervously]
[Jordan B.] Well. um...
Uh...
Oh. thank God.
[whispering] Mysterious...
[Jordan B.] 'Cause
you're mysterious
and beautiful.
and you caught my eye
the second you walked in.
I haven't felt a connection
like this
with anyone else in the villa.
and I'm excited to see
where this goes.
I'm also excited to see
where this goes too.
-To us.
[glasses clink]
[director] And cut!
-All right. that's a cut.
-Moving on.
That was great. you guys!
Really fun stuff.
Jordyn J.. to confessionals.
Hey. how'd I do?
Oh. nailed it.
just like we practiced.
America is going to love you.
I don't think
I could do this without you.
How do you always know
what to. like. say?
Oh. it's just a part
of the job. Jordan B.
Now. if you'll excuse me.
I've got a promotion to go get.
Get 'em. Zo!
[laughing]
[man] So the question
that I propose to you.
my brilliant production team.
is this.
[light music playing]
Has everybody seen what
they're doing at Dog Cops ?
[all grumbling]
Yeah. it's some freaky shit.
Freaky. new...
shit. and that's what I want
from you for our show.
I want freaky new ideas
or...
you're fired.
-[man] Make everyone get naked?
-No!
[man 2] What if we paired
someone with an animal?
We did that last season!
What if we replaced
all the girls with their moms?
That's an amazing idea
because if there's one thing
Middle America loves.
it's old women.
No. doesn't test well.
What if Jordan B. proposed?
[light music playing]
Everyone shut up.
Greg. you had an idea?
[Greg stammers]
What if Jordan B.
proposed to Jordyn J.?
A proposal...
on the second date?
[dramatic rumbling]
That is some freaky shiznit.
and it is so genius.
it just could work.
How do you come up with this?
I don't know!
-[laughs awkwardly]
-I know.
-'Cause you're related to me.
-Actually. that was my idea!
Okay. so the reason
I called this meeting.
every year. for the finale.
I put together a team
of our brightest and our best.
The team
that will be live with me
on site for our finale is...
[mimicking prolonged drum roll]
[continues mimicking drum roll]
This is how you do TV.
-Taylor!
-Yes!
-Brian!
-[cheers]
-Aiden.
-Yes!
-Rafi!
-Yeah!
-And of course. Greg.
-[exhales excitedly]
Gotta have Greg.
Everybody else... be better.
[paper crinkling]
See you on the ice.
Meeting adjourned.
[men cheering]
[spirited music playing]
-Siri. start my treadmill.
-Kelley. I need to talk to you.
Okay. I'm super busy.
so make it quick please.
It's about your selections
for live finale.
I think you're making
a big mistake.
Pink or hot pink
for the new girl?
-Nude.
-She can't be naked.
No. no. it's a color.
The color nude.
Do I have to do
everyone's job around here?!
[Zoey sighs]
I would be such
a valuable member of the team
because I've worked on the show
longer than anyone.
-All the contestants trust me.
-Mr. Kevyn. question from Legal.
Did we ever get permission
to use Pontiac for the car?
We are the number one show
on the network.
We don't ask Pontiac.
we tell them.
In fact. tell Pontiac.
if they don't like it.
they can kiss
my tiny little nuts.
You done or you still need me?
I have better ideas
than any of the guys!
The proposal was my idea!
Look. Debbie.
if you don't like your job.
I can get you a new one.
Submission tape duty.
Wait. no. no. that is not--
Submission tape duty!
[elegant music playing]
Woo! LOVE: Fully Charged!
[sighs]
[Zoey] Not today. please.
-[ignition failing to start]
-Please.
[sighs]
[fans yelling excitedly]
This is a closed set.
I want to let you guys know.
I don't love that photo.
to be honest. I'll sign this.
I do have to leave
in about two seconds.
-But it's like the best picture!
-All right.
[sighs]
[car beeps to mimic
a wolf whistle]
Oh my God.
Need a ride?
[whimsical music playing]
Oh. come on. cheer up.
This is what happens
when you still drive
your dad's PT Cruiser.
from high school.
You're gonna need
a new car. babe.
I'm fine. I like my car.
Isn't it crazy
that I started as your intern.
and now like. we're...
like. I'm like...
like a little above...
like it's crazy.
What's crazy is that Kelley
lets you take home the show car
but I can't even get him
to look at me.
That's because Kelley
is obsessed with me.
It would be like gross
if it didn't come
with some perks.
I just think
about all the things
I dreamed about
in high school.
and now I'm here.
and it's like.
is this it. is this the dream?
It's really gross how often
you talk about high school.
[soft music playing]
No. but seriously.
just break the rules.
There are two types
of people. right?
Sharks and minnows.
I'm obviously a shark.
and you're-you're a minnow.
I'm not a minnow.
Okay. then prove it.
If you want Kelley's attention.
just do what I did.
What did you do?
I solicited him for nudes
and then I blackmailed him.
[laughing]
I'm joking!
You're crazy!
Um. no. I applied for the job.
If it makes you feel better.
I really thought
the promotion was yours.
You deserve it more than anyone.
including me.
I make way too much money.
-You wanna go to sushi?
-[ding]
Take me to SUGARFISH.
[male voice] Taking you
to SUGARFISH.
-[Zoey] Archer!
-[cars honking]
It's totally fine.
This drives itself.
we can just relax.
Sit back. relax.
[male voice] Door closing.
[soft music playing]
[car beeps to mimic
a wolf whistle]
[keys jingling]
[phone ringing]
-Hey!
-Hi!
-Did you get it?
-The promotion? No.
Sexism is still alive and well
in Hollywood. baby!
What?!
Those idiots.
But no. the package.
I meant the package.
Oh. uh. yeah.
-Five minutes. Ms. Pensky.
-Thank you.
You in London? I thought your
keynote wasn't 'til next week.
We're pre-taping it
for the product launch.
Open it.
I only have a few minutes.
The new TekMate?!
These aren't even out yet!
I guess it pays
to know the inventor!
Don't you want to turn it on?
[whirring]
Wow. the unbreakable
see-through phone.
It's even better in person!
[laughs]
Oh my God.
Did I tell you that I got
proposed to the other night
on a second date?
It's like the second we turn 30.
everybody just
becomes obsessed with...
"Will you be my maid..."
Wait. what is...
No.
Shut up!
Quinn and Logan
are getting married!
-[shushing]
-Sorry.
He met me in London
and surprised me with a trip
to the Netherlands.
He even chartered a plane.
which is so environmentally
irresponsible. but...
-Of course he did!
So. I just called Michael.
and he is obsessed
with being the officiant.
And I got off the phone with
Chase. and he is freaking out!
Oh. Hi-hi. Zoey!
So you heard.
-She finally said yes!
-Hey. Logan!
And it only took you 50 times.
Congrats!
Okay. so I know it's
almost like too soon.
but the wedding
has to be August 26th.
Long story short.
product launch.
it's the only time I'm free
for the next two years.
And I don't know what I'd do
without my best friend there.
So what do you say?
You know. I thought
I was gonna have to work.
but looks like I'm totally free!
Thank you. Hey. you wanna get me
a water before I go on?
Anything for my fiancee.
Zo. you know
it's gonna be fine. right?
Chase is gonna be there.
It's gonna be fine.
More than fine.
it's gonna be fun.
No one gets to see you anymore
except me.
It'll be the reunion
we all need.
I gotta go. love you.
[announcer] Please welcome
inventor
Quinn Pensky.
[applause]
[phone beeps]
I need another drink.
* You used to know me... *
"No one sees you anymore."
[sighs]
I see people.
Just because I haven't seen them
in a while
doesn't mean we aren't friends.
right?
I have a lot of friends.
see a lot of people.
Even if I had the option.
I'm too busy.
I'm really busy all the time.
* I used to be your angel.
now I'm walking out your door *
* You say I'm turnin' evil *
* I'll say I'm finally pure *
* Shine bright
in my reflection *
* Think I lost myself before *
* Held me back.
tied me up inside a cage *
* Had to change my life *
* 'Cause I knew
you'd stay the same *
* Couldn't see you were
standing in my way *
* I can see clearly now.
now. now *
* You used to know me.
now you don't *
* You used to hypnotize me.
did it so easy *
* You used to know me.
now you don't *
Of course I had questions.
Who snuck into Sunday school?
Who stole the Subaru?
And who stabbed
Sarabella Samson?
I'm Stacey Dillsen. and this
is My Favorite Slaughters.
* I'm like a flower blooming
since I left you behind *
* Don't know what I was doing *
-Woo!
-Make a wish!
* Knew you were turning evil.
you said I lost my mind *
* No. you ain't gonna do me
like that *
* Held me back.
tied me up inside a cage *
* Had to change my life *
* 'Cause I knew
you'd stay the same... *
[laughter]
Is there shellfish in this?
[all shouting]
No shellfish!
* Now you don't *
* You used to hypnotize me.
did it so easy *
* You used to know me.
now you don't *
[yawns]
* Don't go through
your camera roll *
* So much you don't know *
* That you've forgotten *
* What a trip *
* The way you can flip *
* Through all
the good parts of it *
* I shouldn't have done it *
* Chronological order *
* And nothing but torture *
* Scroll too far back... *
[Zoey]
* I don't want to see 'em *
* But I can't delete 'em... *
What's goin' on?
Yeah. give it to me.
Psh! Nice work.
Yeah? Okay. here we go.
Oh. yeah. You're good at that.
Oh. yeah. you wanna fistbump?
Let's go. All right.
* All the best *
[Zoey]
Chase. I'm really sorry
about Hawaii.
But we were kids.
Can we talk?
[Zoey]
Oh. no. no. no. no.
Oh. no. Oh...
[dings]
[electricity buzzing]
[Archer] You're watching
LOVE: Fully Charged.
No peeking. No peeking.
No peeking.
Okay. hang on. Hang on.
You ready? Three. two. one.
-Ta-da!
-[all cheer]
Jordan B.. what's going on?
Did you do all this?
No.
I mean. yes.
Jordyn J.. I know it's only
our second date.
but there's something
I want to ask you.
Oh. my God.
Oh my God!
Yeah?
-[music ends]
-[nearby chatter]
Um...
Yes?
[Kelley]
What is wrong with him?
[Jordan B.]
Um...
Greg. what is wrong with him?
I don't know.
He's never like this.
Yo. I'm so sorry. but before
I do this. can I talk to Zoey?
Who the hell is Zoey?
Ah!
[inhales and exhales slowly]
Zoey. you embarrassed me.
The network loved Greg's idea
of the proposal.
and then Jordan B. goes
on one knee and is like.
"Uh. I need Zoey. Where's Zoey?
Zoey. where's Zoey?"
Well. where were you. Zoey?
You put me on
submission tape duty.
You are not here to answer.
You are here to listen.
I do not like Jordan B.
He acts like a baby.
But America disagrees.
It's probably the hair.
And if my prediction is right.
he's gonna go to the finals.
And when he does.
I need you...
to be...
his mommy.
Mommy?
-Yes.
-[joints creak]
[yelps]
When he is "hungy."
you will feed him.
When he is crabby.
you will check his diapey.
And when we go live.
you will be in his ears
telling him exactly what to say.
because I will not
be embarrassed again.
Does this mean
I'm on the live team?
-Yeah. fine. on the live team.
-Yes!
Oh. God.
No. uh. wait. I cannot tell you
how long I waited to do this.
but I don't know if I can accept
because it is the same weekend
as my best friend's wedding--
I was not asking. okay?
Whatever your plans are.
cancel. okay?
You're busy.
-Thank you.
-Thank you so much.
[exhales]
One more.
[sighs] One for the one.
Just a little one.
[groans]
[gentle music playing]
Quinn. it's me.
your maid of honor.
I can't come to your wedding.
I know it's the most
important day of your life.
but I have to work.
Oh. I hate this.
-Zoey!
-[gasps]
-Hi! Oh!
-Hi!
Oh. my God.
I'm so glad you're here.
My family's already
driving me nuts.
Bubbe says I'm too pale.
My mom thinks I should add
a belt to the dress.
-And Logan's sister Lyric is--
-Quinn.
-Lyric. Hi.
-I need to talk to you
-about your wedding present.
-Right now?
Yes.
My gift is an original song.
That is so thoughtful.
That I will be performing
as you walk down the aisle.
Lyric is an up-and-coming
singer/songwriter.
I specialize
in EDM/deep house/country-folk.
-It's like a whole thing.
-Lyric. about the gift--
Shh.
[vocalizing individual notes]
Ooh. that's really good.
Uh. sorry. the melody
just came to me.
I need to lay this down.
Siri. open voice memos.
What I would give
for the confidence
of a trust fund kid.
[sighs]
Um. Quinn.
there is something I really
need to talk to you about.
Ready. Miss Pensky?
Oh.
I'm sorry. I-- I gotta go.
-Talk later? Okay.
-Yeah. okay.
Thank you.
-[sighs]
-[Stacey] I hope she shows up.
[Camille] Zoey? The maid
of honor? Why wouldn't she?
[Stacey] Because she never
shows up.
And it's not like we don't
invite her.
Now that you mention it.
I worked with Quinn five years
-and I still haven't met her.
-[Stacey] My theory is
I think she's still stuck
on her ex. Chase.
-[Camille] The best man?
-[Stacey] From high school.
It's sad. They were supposed
to spend the summer
after senior year together
in Hawaii.
but something
must have happened.
because they broke up.
and I don't think
she's had a relationship since.
[Camille]
Oh. no. Poor thing.
And if she does show.
it's going to be uncomfortable.
because I don't think she knows
Chase has a girlfriend.
A serious one. We had dinner
with them in Baltimore
when I was touring for my pod.
She's a teacher too.
They're so cute together.
[exclaiming]
-Oh. my goodness.
-Zoey?
-Are you okay?
-I'm good. I'm so good.
Your maid of honor
has arrived!
-Hey!
-Hi!
It looks like you could use
a little drink.
Thank you.
[gulping loudly]
[sighs]
[laughs]
Miss Pensky.
you look beautiful!
It is so good to see you. Zoey.
Oh. this is my mom.
Quinn's grandma.
Not grandma. Never grandma.
Bubbe.
Nice to meet you.
Well. how's your family?
What is that little brother
of yours up to?
Not so little anymore.
He has two kids and twins on
the way. if you can believe it.
You all need to stop
growing up.
-Mm-hmm.
-Zoey!
-It's been so long!
-Hi. Stacey!
[Zoey laughs]
And you must be Camille.
Yes. it's so nice
to finally meet you.
We were just wondering whether
or not you were gonna make it.
I know. I'm late. but I was at
my boyfriend's house.
Lost track of time.
Boyfriend? Since when?
It's recent.
but enough about me.
Now. don't make us wait
until the wedding. Zoey.
Come on. give us the deets.
Yeah. yeah. What's his name?
Uh. his... his name is. um...
um...
Hemsworth.
Hugo Hemsworth.
Hemsworth? Is he Australian?
Yeah.
Like Liam and Chris Hemsworth?
They're distant cousins.
-Oh! What does he do?
-What?
He is a doctor.
Surgeon. actually.
-[Stacey] Wow!
-[Camille] Dr. Hemsworth.
She's ready.
Oh. thank God.
[tender music playing]
[all gasp]
She looks great.
You look amazing.
How do you feel?
Like I'd rather be getting
married in a lab coat.
It's perfect. You're perfect.
You're a little pale.
Could use a belt.
[excited chatter]
-I'll see you soon.
-All right. Bye!
-Uh. hey. where's your car?
-Oh. it's in the shop.
-Oh. Do you need a ride?
-That's so sweet.
but my boyfriend's
picking me up.
-Wha-what?
-Actually. his car is.
It drives itself.
Self-driving?
-Fancy!
-Yes.
[laughs]
Uh. excuse me? Boyfriend?
What did I miss?
Is this what you wanted
to talk about?
Oh my God. are you
bringing him to the wedding?
-This is huge!
-No. no. no.
It's way too late
to add a plus-one.
No. it's not. I'm literally
texting our wedding planner.
Which reminds me. would you mind
going to Santa Barbara?
Logan is getting the rings
resized at some fancy place.
and there is no one I trust
more than you.
Do you mind?
-I don't mind. I'll do it.
-Thank you.
Oh! I love you.
-Mwah.
-Love you. Bye!
[Zoey] And that's when
I knew I had to do both:
the wedding and the finale.
* Used to be a baby.
used to be a lady *
* Thought you were
the perfect lover... *
[Zoey] If I was going
to pull this off.
I needed three things:
A boyfriend. a car.
and a plan.
The wedding is happening
at 4:00 p.m.
at Logan's family estate
in Malibu.
The live finale is happening
at 5:00 p.m.
at the LOVE: Fully Charged
stage.
just 2.3 miles up the road.
By the time I'm needed on set.
the wedding reception
will be in full swing.
I'll slip away
to work the finale.
and be back before
anyone notices I'm gone.
It's foolproof.
Next. I needed a car.
A self-driving car.
Securing the keys was easy.
Kelley lets Archer take
the LUV-6 whenever he wants.
and he was happy
to hand them over.
[Archer]
Wait. you're taking the car?
Zoey. get back here!
What? Ugh!
* Time to walk *
Ugh. thank God.
[slurps]
The student
has become the master.
[Zoey] Now. all I needed
was a date.
But where I was supposed
to find a hotshot
Australian ER surgeon
whose name was Hugo Hemsworth?
Yo. what's up?
My name is Dragon.
My real name is Vantarius.
but I'm a really big
Game of Thrones fan.
so I legally changed my name
when I turned 18.
[grunts]
Come on.
who can say no to this?
My name's Spencer.
and I know what women want.
[Zoey]
He probably didn't exist.
What I needed was an actor.
Hello. my name
is Todd E. Schupert.
I'm 28 years old.
I'm an actor from Burbank.
California.
I can also do accents.
I can do Australian.
[in Australian accent] I just
came out from Bondi Beach.
G'day. how are ya?
[Zoey]
And that's where you come in.
Looking at your résumé.
I can see that you have
years of training.
dozens of student films
under your belt.
BFA in Acting.
Oh. and a minor
in Early Childhood Development.
-Cool.
-No. no. no.
I manny for family
on the side.
Okay. I can quit if you need.
No major TV shows or movies.
That's great.
Okay. so. sorry.
what does this have to do
with me getting on
LOVE: Fully Charged ?
Todd. I'm not here
to talk to you
about being on
LOVE: Fully Charged.
I saw your submission tape.
and I used my position of power
to get you here.
That was wrong.
and I'm sorry about that.
Okay. so why am I here?
I need a favor.
I need someone
to play my boyfriend
at my best friend's wedding
next weekend.
I need them to fully commit
the way only a real actor can.
Okay. So. like. method.
Sure. Yeah.
-[sighs]
-I...
I don't know why I thought
this was a good idea.
Forget I asked. I am sorry.
No. no. no.
Okay. if I do this.
can you get me on the show?
I mean. I can certainly try.
That's good enough for me.
* You and me
are through. though *
* Watch me hit it solo *
* I'm gonna do it a cappella.
yeah *
[Zoey]
Is this completely insane?
Which part. hiring a super-hot
actor to play your boyfriend
at your best friend's wedding.
or agreeing to be at work
the same weekend
as your best friend's wedding?
The boyfriend part.
Convincing your friends
you have a hot boyfriend
is the least of your concerns
if he doesn't watch the road.
Does he know what he's doing?
[Zoey]
The car drives itself.
and it performed very well
during the safety testing phase.
It ran over six
crash dummies.
Um. hello? Arch?
I'm losing you
driving through the canyon.
Bad service.
The car will be back
before the show goes live.
Okay. bye!
It's the red button. Zoey.
Big red button. Center.
Yeah. right there. End--
Uh. what are you reading?
Oh. there are five steps to
creating the perfect character.
The who. the what. the when.
the where. and the why.
I have the first four. right?
So who:
Hugo Boss Hemsworth.
What: he is a celebrated
ER surgeon
who is madly in love
with Zoey Brooks.
When: present day.
Where: born in Melbourne.
Raised in West Philly.
You really took
some liberties there.
I just can't crack the why.
You know. my interpretation
is that he's being used
as a tool to make
your ex-boyfriend jealous.
-Is that right?
-Jealous?
No. no. no. absolutely not.
That would be immature.
I just want to show him
and everyone
that I am a very successful.
well-rounded adult
who's moved on and is doing
better than him.
Copy.
J-E-A-lous.
[classical music playing]
Hi. Oh. thank you so much
for coming. Great tie.
-Thanks.
-See you out there.
I don't know what to tell you.
Chauncy.
he's just not shucking
fast enough.
Get me another shucker.
No. no. no. get me two.
The people need oysters.
I got eyes on the bride.
Hi. There you are.
-I've been looking for you.
-I'm sorry. babe.
I've been putting out fires
left and right.
Isn't that what
the wedding planner's for?
-Yeah. I fired her.
-You what?
Look. she just-- She wasn't
executing the vision.
I thought this weekend
was supposed to be
relaxed and intimate.
250 people is intimate. babe.
Do you know how many
people I didn't invite?
-It's just all a little much.
-A little much?
We got two life-sized cakes
of the bride and groom
to drop off.
Yeah. Right there is fine.
-Wow.
-Look. Quinn.
this is our wedding weekend.
all right?
You work so hard.
you deserve more
than a little much.
You deserve the most much.
I just want to give that to you.
I know you do.
-Quinn! Logan!
-Michael.
You look amazing!
-No. no. no!
-These are cakes!
Oh. wait. what?
This is a cake?
-Yes.
-Damn!
Could somebody get
these human cakes out of here.
before I melt?
-Oh!
-So good to see you.
-I'm so happy you're here.
-Buddy.
[grunting]
Oh. man. I'm so excited
that this is finally happening.
My two best friends
are getting married?
Taking the plunge.
and I get to plunge them?
[sighs] This is truly an honor.
Honestly.
Oh. speaking of the ceremony.
I want to go over
what I have so far.
I got. like. five drafts.
I've been writing. all right?
[clears throat]
"Dearly beloved..."
[Zoey]
Here we go. Todd.
[in Australian accent]
Mind calling me Hugo?
It just helps me
stay in character.
Now please. let me take
my moment before.
[sighs]
Todd.
"We're gathered here to get
through this thing called life."
What's up with that car?
-Todd.
-I don't know anyone named Todd.
-That car. The car!
-Oh. my God.
Look out!
[screams]
[tires squeal]
-[screaming]
-Oh!
-Oh. my God!
-[male voice] Doors opening.
-I thought that was...
-You good? Everybody good?
[heavy rock music playing]
What's up?
You almost hit us
with your car!
It's called making an entrance.
Logan.
All right. I'll accept that.
That's a pretty good entrance.
I mean. damn!
-What's up. Zoey?
-Michael. it's been too long.
Yeah. no shit. we live in the
same city and we barely see you.
-What's up with that?
-'Cause she's too busy
putting up with my ass.
Apologies for my appearance.
I had to come
straight from surgery.
-Surgery?
-This is Hugo.
-Hugo. this is...
-Quinn and Logan!
The bride and the groom.
Of course I know
who you are.
Zoey's told me so much
about you.
-[Logan] Love your car.
-Thank you.
And you must be Michael?
Yes. The officiant. Michael.
-Pardon?
-The officiant.
You know. you said their titles.
you know. bride and groom.
but I'm Michael.
the officiant.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
-That's awesome.
-Yeah. it is awesome.
It's an honor. actually.
Yeah. Yeah.
Um. hon. I'm gonna go
put the bags in our room.
Quinn. could you point me
in the right direction?
The wedding party is staying
in the guest quarters upstairs.
Yeah. I'll show them up.
Come on. Michael.
Thanks.
[Logan]
Somebody clean up that glass.
Okay. where did you find him?
He's perfect.
Tell me about it.
[laughs]
So how are things going?
Oh. uh... well. you'll see.
[band playing swinging jazz]
Welcome. Welcome. everyone.
Cheers to Logan and Quinn.
[all]
Cheers!
I got that second shucker
on site.
All right. I'm taking him
to you now.
I said two trays.
So then I'm thinking
of closing with a joke.
You know. since everyone
will be sobbing at that point.
-[snoring]
-You gotta wake up.
I'm trying to rehearse here.
What a disgusting
display of wealth.
God. I hate rich people.
Uh. don't you live here?
[mumbling]
It's journalism.
The case I'm working on now
is a real stumper.
They call him
the Malibu Murderer.
He's still at large.
-So you're a detective?
-Podcast host.
Logan! Quinn!
Oh. look. I'm so glad
you wore makeup
Bubbe. that's a cake.
-That's a cake?
-Yeah. Come on. Come on.
-Don't talk to that.
-[exclaims]
I see. This is big.
even for Logan.
Yeah. I don't even know
half these people here.
Well. you know me.
and I'm here for anything at all
that you need.
whether it's a refill
or a rescue.
Hey. babe?
I really need you right now.
Aunt Carol and her bridge club
want a photo.
-Okay. I'll rescue you.
-Like. now.
-[sighs]
-Save you in a bit.
Sleeping arrangements
aren't gonna be a problem.
The rooms are huge.
[laughs]
I situated myself on the couch
like a gentleman.
And didn't think to change.
Zoey. I'm creating a character.
okay?
-Mm-hmm.
-I just...
I need you to trust the work.
Now. which one is the ex?
I don't think he's here yet.
Okay. good. I'm gonna go
get us some drinks.
[jazz music continues]
[music ends]
[tender. poignant music playing]
Oh!
[gasps]
Chase.
Here.
[sighs]
[Chase] Uh...
Hi.
Hi!
[Chase] Oh. um...
this is my girlfriend.
Danielle.
-Hi.
-So excited to be here.
It's like a dream.
meeting everyone
Chase keeps talking about
from high school.
Nice to meet you. I'm--
Ah. Let me guess.
Dana.
Lola?
-Coco?
-Zoey. I'm Zoey.
Chase. I don't remember you
mentioning a Zoey.
Yeah. well. must have
slipped my mind.
[Danielle]
Ah. sorry.
Vodka martini.
slightly dirty.
Mm. just like you. cowgirl.
[Zoey giggles]
Hi. I'm Hugo Hemsworth.
Zoey's boyf.
Oh! Boyf.
Wow. that's a strong grip.
-And jawline.
-Thank you.
I... [splutters] am Chase.
Chase.
[Danielle] Danielle.
-Hi. nice to meet you.
-Nice to meet you.
[cell phone chimes]
-Hang on one second.
-Yes. babe. sure.
Um. I have to take this.
-So nice to meet you. Danielle.
-Likewise.
Chase. I had something
I wanted to tell you.
but must have slipped my mind.
See you.
[Todd] See you. sexy.
You'll have to excuse
the scrubs.
I had to come straight
from surgery.
-Surgery?
-Wow.
We pulled a double.
Heart and brain
at the same time.
That's amazing.
["good 4 u" by Olivia Rodrigo
plays]
[vocalizes]
* Well. good for you *
* I guess you moved on
really easily *
* Found a new girl. and it only
took a couple weeks *
* Remember when you said you
wanted to give me the world? *
* World *
* And good for you *
* I guess that you've been
working on yourself *
* I guess that therapist
I found for you *
* She really helped *
* Now you can be a better man *
* For your brand-new girl *
[Zoey] Sorry. I was getting
the car detailed.
-Please!
-Oh. the shoes.
Then take them off.
Take them off.
-Greg.
-Okay. here.
Leave her shoes--
Leave them there!
Okay.
Oh. sorry. Okay. okay.
Perhaps you'd care
to explain...
-this.
-[Zoey gasps]
The thing I love most
about Jordyn J.
is probably her boobs.
Oh. my God. The hair...
looks so...
good.
So you knew about this
and you let it happen?
Because the hair?
That was it.
That was all that he had.
That's exactly why.
He wanted to show Jordyn J.
and America
that he's more
than just his hair.
Uh. he's a trendsetter.
It's called strategy.
Is it?
Kelley. being your first
and only female producer.
you just got to trust me
on this.
I know what our audience wants
because I am our audience.
And I love the hair.
For your own sake.
I hope that you are right.
[Zoey] Okay.
[Kelley] Zoey?
Seriously.
Hot dress.
-Oh.
-[Kelley] Yeah.
Now I take you seriously.
Okay. Thanks.
Greg!
Punch you in the face.
[Todd] Just pumping away.
trying to get a pulse.
Seven-year-old kid
swallowed a ping-pong ball.
[gasps]
-So sad.
-Oh. my God.
No. no. no. Don't worry.
He is fine.
[all laugh]
Nobody has ever died
on my table.
Aw!
Except maybe a couple times.
[laughter]
Who even is this guy?
Shh. He's so sweet.
You know what?
Enough about me.
Stacey. I'm a huge fan
of the pod.
Total Slaughter-head.
-Oh!
-[Todd] Yeah.
Any updates
on the Malibu Murderer?
Oh. Um... you listen?
Ahem. I'm back.
This is Mark. my field producer.
-Husband.
-Uh-huh.
But. yes. also field producer.
Didn't you and Quinn
used to...?
Date. Yes.
Yeah. it was just a fling.
But this. uh...
-This is the real deal.
-Excuse me.
How was it with the witness?
-I got a description...
-Yes. Mark. Great work.
...of his hands.
Damn it. Mark.
that's not enough.
But go on.
She said the hands
were large.
That's it?
[Todd] Not guilty!
[all laugh]
-[woman] They're enormous.
-[Danielle] Oh. so funny!
[Zoey] Jordan B..
why is your hair orange?
I thought I could fix it
without anyone noticing.
Fix what?
I found a gray hair. okay?
You happy?
I can't have gray hair at 23.
I'm supposed to be hot.
You bleached your whole head
because of one gray hair?
Then it kind of started
falling out. so I had to cut it.
I tried to find you first.
but you weren't here.
I'm sorry. I know.
-It's just...
-[cell phone chimes]
Hang on. One second.
Um...
-I'm gonna have to leave again.
-What?
If you need anything at all.
you call me.
Not Kelley. okay? Me.
You're gonna be fine.
What was I saying?
Oh. yeah. Jordyn's boobs.
[funky. upbeat music playing]
[breathing heavily]
Om...
* Cha cha *
* Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da *
[sighs]
* If you wanna have some fun *
* Come with me
I'll give you some *
* Get back. get back *
[Todd] So. in a way.
I credit Zoey
for saving
that little boy's life.
-[all] Aw!
-[Todd] Yeah. she...
-[woman] So sweet.
-[Todd] Oh. my God.
She inspires me
to be a better surgeon.
-[all] Aw!
-Wow.
Can you take a look at my feet?
Because--
[all yell]
-Whoa!
-What is that?!
[Mark] I'm sorry. it stinks.
[Michael]
Don't smell it. Just fix it.
Quinn?
[cell phone vibrates]
-Jordan B.. what do you want?
-[Jordan B.] Zoey. [cries]
Oh. no. no. no. no.
Don't cry. Don't cry.
It's gonna--
It's gonna be okay.
No! A neck tattoo will not fix
what you did to your hair.
[Quinn]
Who's getting a neck tattoo?
I-I have to go.
Quinn. I've been looking
all over for you.
What are you doing
in the bathtub?
I'm unclogging the drain.
Did you know clogged drains can
lead to corrosion and flooding?
Oh no.
Okay. what's wrong?
I never dreamed
of having a wedding.
But then I fell in love
with someone who did.
And I want to do this for him.
but it's all a lot.
Does Logan know that?
We've been together
over a decade. You'd think so.
But he's so totally absorbed.
it's like
he's a different person.
I know he's dreamed of having
an extravagant wedding.
and I'm trying
to be sensitive to that.
But I'm not a rational function.
My limits are not infinite.
If only humans
could have vertical asymptotes.
you know what I'm saying?
Not at all.
But I think I get
the gist of it.
So why don't we just
get out of here.
Leave my own party?
I don't think I'm allowed
to do that.
You're the bride.
You can do whatever you want.
Party's almost over.
Plus. there's a cake down there
that everyone thinks
is you anyway.
[laughs]
-Where would we even go?
-I have ideas.
-[muted club music playing]
-Seriously?
A karaoke bar?
No. no. no. no. It's late.
The rehearsal's tomorrow.
-We gotta be rested.
-[Quinn] Hey!
Look at me.
I love you.
I love you too.
So stop thinking about
the wedding for one second
and have some fun with me.
okay?
[sighs]
Fine.
-Okay. All right.
-[all] Yeah!
But if Michael doesn't sing
Limp Bizkit. I'm leaving.
Cool. Everyone's drinks
are on Logan. Let's go inside.
-[all cheer]
-Let's go. Come on. babe.
-[Michael] That's it. Logan.
-[Stacey] Let's do this.
-You good?
-I'm good. You good?
-Yeah. Great.
-Good.
[Michael yelling]
[rock music playing]
* Chocolate stardust *
* Keep on rolling. baby *
* Throw your hands up *
* Now move in. now move out.
hands up. now hands down *
* Back up. back up.
tell me what you gonna do now *
* Breathe in. now breathe out.
hands up. now hands down *
* Back up. back up.
tell me what you gonna do now *
* Keep rollin'. rollin'.
rollin'. rollin' *
* Keep rollin'.
rollin'. rollin'. rollin' *
* Keep rollin'. rollin'.
rollin'. rollin' *
* Keep rollin'... *
Yeah! This is my favorite!
Rollin'. rollin'!
* I know y'all be lovin
this ish right here *
* L-I-M-P Bizkit
is right here *
* Gonna F you up.
shut the F up *
* And back the F up
while we F this track up *
[inaudible]
* You wanna mess
with Limp Bizkit? *
* You can't mess
with Limp Bizkit *
* 'Cause we get it on
every day and every night *
Was he always that talented?
Yeah. but in school
it was mostly sad flute music.
Oh. yes!
So you all went
to high school together?
Yeah! PCA. baby!
So sad what happened.
We were the last class
to attend Pacific Coast Academy.
The school closed down in 2009
when multiple parents complained
about poor education standards.
leading the state to launch
a formal investigation.
only to discover the school
wasn't even accredited
and Dean Rivers was stealing
students' tuition
and blowing it
at Morongo Casino and Resort.
Yeah. it wasn't even
a real school.
The student loans were real! Ha!
[laughing]
I have so much debt!
* Keep rollin'. rollin'.
rollin'. rollin' *
* Rollin' *
-[all cheer]
-Woo!
-Let's go!
-Great job. buddy. Great job.
-Let's do it.
-[Logan] That was awesome!
[indistinct shouting]
I'm gonna hit the head.
Does anybody need anything?
Chase? Maybe a water?
Yes.
All right. I'll be right back.
-Consent to a kiss?
-Granted.
All right. next up.
we have Hugo Hemsworth
and Chase Matthews
singing a duet.
No. I'm all set.
Babe. you love karaoke. Go!
[cheers and applause]
[all chanting]
Chase! Chase! Chase! Chase!
-Yes!
-Woo!
[Stacey]
Yes. Chase!
Go. Chase. go!
Hope you're cool
with the high part.
Uh. what song are we even--
* Now I've had *
* The time of my life *
* No. I never felt
like this before *
Damn it. I love this song.
* Yes. I swear *
* It's the truth *
* And I owe it all to you *
* 'Cause I've had *
* The time of my life *
* And I owe it all to you *
-Yo. they're both...
-Pretty good!
-Yeah.
-Let's go. Chase!
Not bad.
Bet you didn't know
I was a high tenor. did you?
* I've been waiting
for so long *
* Now I finally
found someone *
* To stand by me *
* We saw the writing
on the wall *
* As we felt
this magical fantasy *
* Now with passion
in our eyes *
* There's no way
we could disguise it secretly *
* So we take
each others' hand *
* 'Cause we seem to understand
the urgency *
[tender. upbeat music playing]
-Are they...?
-Wasted?
One of them is.
* I've had *
* The time of my life *
* No. I never felt
this way before *
* Yes. I swear *
* It's the truth *
* And I owe it all to you *
[cheering]
[Michael] See that bod?
Yes!
[Mark] Calm down.
[cheering]
Yes!
I can't dance like that.
No. come on! Come on!
Oh. whoa. whoa.
Are you okay?
I am so sorry. dude.
What is this?
What? I thought we were
just having fun.
This is about Zoey. isn't it?
You're mad we dated so you're
trying to make me jealous.
Well. that's not gonna work.
Mr. Sexy Doctor Man.
because I don't care
about Zoey anymore.
-What's happening?
-Looks like they're fighting.
[inaudible]
Let's just chill out.
That's it. I'm over it!
I'm over her!
-Well. doesn't sound like it.
-What'd you say?
I just get the feeling
that maybe you're not
actually over her.
-[screams]
-[all gasp]
[all cheer]
[laughing]
You're getting a bit heavy.
-Ah!
-[all gasp]
-[Mark] What?
-Up! Up!
What is your problem?
Oh. boo-hoo! Time for rehearsal!
Out of bed!
Everybody outside in ten!
[Stacey]
What is the matter with you?
[both continue shouting
indistinctly]
Can't he leave me alone
for one minute?
I'm so sick
of babysitting this guy.
I cannot do this today.
[sighs]
-Todd.
-Hmm?
Aren't you a manny?
It's a side gig. but yeah.
-Hmm?
-No!
-[whimpers]
-[sighs]
No. I'm your fake boyfriend.
Fake hungover boyfriend.
I'm not your babysitter.
Please. Please.
[Logan]
Meet me in the chapel in ten!
I have to go be with my friends.
I really need your help on this.
Please.
The villa is just
right up the street.
You can go up there.
distract him. have fun.
-Please. please. please?
-Wait. so I get to go to set?
Yes. Thank you.
Oh. my God. Finally.
[Logan]
Places! Okay.
So we're gonna start
with Michael
making an announcement
to ask all the guests
to silence their phones.
Cue Michael.
[wheezes]
[Michael gasps weakly]
Cue Michael.
[wheezing]
Silence your phone.
Bro. what is going on?
[Lyric]
"I think I lost my voice."
How do you know
what he's saying?
I'm really good at lip-reading.
From over there?
-Plus. I have 20/20 vision.
-[Logan] Great.
So my officiant
has lost his voice
the day before the wedding!
This is why we can't have fun.
[Lyric]
"Let me show you. Ready?"
Dearly beloved.
we are gathered here today
to celebrate this thing
called patriarchy.
Heard of it?
Which has been used
for centuries to oppress women
by buying and selling them.
It's also kept the majority of
wealth in the male minority.
[Logan]
Okay. thank you. Lyric.
Look. I'm sorry. buddy.
but I gotta replace you.
-[Lyric] "Son of a--"
-Fine.
-I'll do it.
-What?
I have the number one
murder podcast in the U.S.
People would literally kill
to have me officiate
their wedding.
Yeah. you make a fair point.
But who's gonna
walk me down the aisle?
-It's a straight line. babe.
-Michael. obviously.
[Lyric]
"Okay. sounds good."
[Logan]
Let's try this again.
Stacey will ask everyone
to silence their phones.
Get out of here. buddy.
-[clears throat]
-Cue Stacey.
[in deep. booming voice]
Silence your phones!
Just a little less creepy
next time. okay?
Yeah. okay.
Lyric's gonna sing us in.
Lyric!
[device chimes]
[vocalizes notes. stops]
My AI gloves weren't programmed
to deal with that reverb.
Did you hear the echo?
-[vocalizing]
-[distorted audio]
All right. guys. get in places.
Michael. Mark.
Camille and Jared. come on.
-Tighten up.
-How's your nose?
How do you think?
Your boyfriend dropped me
on my face on purpose.
He did not do it on purpose.
Zoey. he's very strong.
His muscles are huge.
He definitely
could have held me.
Classic Chase.
Taking everything so personally.
He said he was sorry.
[Logan] All right.
cue Camille and Jared.
Chase. I know it's awkward.
but for the sake of our friends.
can't we at least just try
to be friends?
[sighs]
I'm sorry. but after
everything that happened.
did you really think
we were gonna be able
to just link arms
and stroll off into the sunset?
All right. now Zoey and Chase
will link arms and stroll.
Okay. the timing of that
was unfair.
[Logan] They're linking.
They're strolling.
You could look happy.
Okay. cue the bride.
[Chase] And. frankly. there is
no amount of philanthropy
that will ever make up
for those mistakes.
-[laughter]
-Lastly.
Quinn. you have come up
with so many wonderful
inventions over the years.
but I think
that your most impressive yet
is actually the reinvention
of this guy right here.
my best friend.
He's become an amazing man
because of you.
And so I think I speak
for all of us
when I say thank you very much.
Quinn.
-[all laugh]
-To Quinn and Logan. Everyone.
[all] To Quinn and Logan!
[glasses clink]
This is nice.
Stace. isn't this nice?
Everyone together.
celebrating?
Mm-hmm. Mark. tell me something.
You're my field producer. right?
And husband.
Then why aren't you
in the field?
I thought we'd take
the night off.
Can the women
who are being murdered
take the night off. Mark?
But...
couldn't he be here?
-What?
-I'm just saying.
technically couldn't
the Malibu Murderer
be at this wedding
in Malibu?
How dare you. Mark?
These are our closest
and dearest friends.
-You're so right.
-Why would there be a murderer
-at this wedding?
-Just forget I said it.
Enjoy your fish.
-Where's Hugo?
-Oh.
Um. uh...
he got called in
for an emergency.
If only there were more
people like him in the world.
Hey. Zoe. your turn.
Like yesterday.
Oh. right. Yeah. okay.
[glass clinking]
I would like to make a toast.
I've known Quinn and Logan
for more than half my life.
During that time.
I've watched Quinn grow.
evolve. and accomplish
almost all of her dreams.
And I've watched Logan
watch her do that.
[all laugh]
Everyone says that high school
love doesn't last.
and they're right.
Most of the time. it doesn't.
Against all odds.
Quinn and Logan
have proved them wrong.
Uh... um...
uh. that's why it's so real
and inspiring.
Just really makes me.
you know. just dance a little
and. um...
[bangs on table]
...just really gets me
so excited. I just want
to sing and drink a lot.
-[all cheer]
-Yeah!
To Quinn and Logan!
-[excited chatter]
-[glasses clink]
[all gasp]
I'm such a klutz.
I'm gonna have to go change.
You missed your mouth
by a lot.
I know. I'm sorry.
I'll be right back. okay?
What is going on?
Why is he here?
And what is on his face?
I'm an ice tiger. Grr!
Todd. what happened?
[in normal voice]
You told me to babysit.
So I took him to the pier.
He wanted to ride
the kiddy coaster. right?
But he's too big. so he hit
his head on the support beam.
Now he can't remember
the last six months of his life.
Including the show.
or Jordyn J.
-What?
-[roars loudly]
-[roaring]
-My God.
Did I just hear a lion?
No. My dad made me get rid
of all my exotic pets.
[Todd]
It's not that big of a deal.
Right? It's okay.
I mean. wasn't Jordan B.
pretty stupid already?
[roars]
You're right. maybe nobody
will even notice.
I mean. I'm gonna be telling him
exactly what to say.
Okay. I need to get back
down there.
So you're gonna sneak him
into the villa.
put him to sleep.
he'll sleep this off.
-and everything will be--
-[cell phone chimes]
Oh.
[screams]
[bright. upbeat music playing]
[panting]
[male voice]
Door opening.
Door closing.
Zoey. it is show day.
You said you were gonna
have the car back in time.
so where's the car. babe?
Archer. I promise you.
the car is the least
of your worries.
Have you seen Jordan B. today?
Is he acting a little.
um. I don't know. different?
Oh. hey!
-Hi.
-Hey!
Whoa!
[panicked chatter]
Just as dumb as usual. Why?
No reason! Look. I'm on my way
with the car.
I just have to make a little
pit stop in Santa Barbara.
Santa Barbara?
That is not on the way.
Okay. um...
What do I do?
[heavy metal music blares]
-[music turned off]
-No.
[male voice]
Door opening.
[gasps] Oh. my God!
I'm so sorry! I did not mean to!
-[groans]
-Oh. Chase.
It's you.
Zoey!
If my nose wasn't broken before.
I think it might be now.
Why are you even up this early?
I went on a run.
Why are you even up right now?
Is your nose bleeding?
Oh. here. I have some tissues.
[male voice]
Door closing.
-Uh. no...
-Wait. no. no. no!
Wait. wait!
[male voice]
Navigation calculated.
Estimated time:
one hour. 12 minutes.
Zoey? Turn it off.
[Zoey] I don't know how.
[Chase] You don't know
how to work your own car?
-Come on.
-Turn off!
-Door. Stop car.
-[Chase] Uh...
[Zoey] Cancel trip.
[male voice] New drive time:
one hour. 59 minutes.
[Chase]
Why did it just go up?
-Quinn?
-Here comes the bride.
All dressed in really pretty
pink pajamas. Hello?
-Wedding day!
-Good morning!
-You all look so good!
-You do!
Where's Zoey?
-Oh.
-Zoey?
Zoey?
-Zoe?
-Zoey?
It's showtime. baby.
Can you at least tell me
where we're going?
Cool. I guess we'll just
sit in silence then.
Chase. you made it very clear
that you don't want to hear
what I have to say.
I thought that maybe
this weekend.
we could put our past
behind us and act like adults.
but clearly we cannot.
So. yes. I think it's best
if we don't speak.
[male voice]
Playing "Don't Speak."
* You and me *
* We used to be together *
* Every day. together *
* Always *
* I really feel *
* That I'm losing
my best friend *
* I can't believe
this could be the end *
* Don't speak *
* I know just what
you're saying *
* So please stop explaining *
* Don't tell me.
'cause it hurts *
[Todd. in Australian accent]
Ladies. are we decent?
[laughs]
Hugo. what are you
doing here?
Zoey's dealing with a little
work emergency.
-so she sent me.
-Wow.
-Who wants mimosas?
-[excited chatter]
[Todd] Yes!
-Everybody take a glass.
-Is everything okay?
[Todd] Here you go.
Everything is fine.
-She's gonna be right back.
-Okay.
[male voice] Arriving
at Perry's Fine Jewelry.
[whimsical music playing]
[Chase] But Logan said
you got the rings already.
Doors opening.
Thank God.
Let's get out of here.
This thing's horrible.
It's like a prison on wheels.
Doors closing.
Self-park activating.
Oh. Heh.
Hey. is that the car
from LOVE: Fully Charged ?
No.
I'm pretty sure it is.
No. it's not.
[woman]
These are really nice.
Even I would like for you
to buy me some of these.
You know. if you want
somebody on the side.
I am that person.
[bell dings]
[gasps]
We are appointment only.
You have an appointment?
Um. we're here to pick up.
-Name?
-Reese. Logan and Quinn.
Oh. Mr. and Mrs. Reese.
Stop playing with me. You know
you got no money. Go home.
Oh! Mr. and Mrs. Reese.
I did not recognize your voice.
I spoke to y'all over the phone.
Remember me? Janice.
-No. that's actually not...
-No. We're not...
Honestly. it's fine.
My mama say I'm forgettable.
But you two are late.
I thought maybe
you was trying to ditch us
and get your rings
down the street.
[both laugh nervously]
Pauline! Kayla!
-The Reese family is here!
-Oh. my God.
[chuckles]
[Janice]
The rings will be right out.
-Oh!
[chuckles nervously]
Pauline! Kayla!
[gasps]
Oh. this is a lot.
-Uh. no.
-Uh. no. We're fine.
-Take it.
-[whispering] Take it.
-Okay.
-[both chuckle nervously]
We love giving high-paying
customers like yourself
the full VIP treatment.
We hope you don't mind.
-We actually have to go.
-Yeah. we need to leave.
Oh. come on. you're never gonna
be as in love as you are now.
And it might not even last.
-Probably won't.
-That's a weird thing to say.
Okay. Oh!
[Janice]
A toast to the bride and groom.
-[camera shutters click]
-[all] Cheers!
So. Quinn and Logan.
what's your story?
-Again. we're actually not...
-We don't want to...
Oh. come on. don't be
those people. so boring.
Don't even think
about being those people.
You're not gonna get these rings
until you spill the tea.
Now. where did you meet?
Well. we met in middle school.
Oh. young love. I love.
Then what?
He saw me and ran his bike
into a flagpole.
-No. A flagpole?
-I'm dead.
-Then we became best friends.
-Study buddies.
But everybody knew
I had a thing for her.
And no one knew
I had a thing for him.
-They knew.
-They did not.
But every time I tried
to take it to the next level.
something always got in the way.
-Other boyfriends.
-[all gasp]
-Other girlfriends.
-Yikes. We don't like that.
-Distance.
-Mm-hmm.
-Mistakes.
-Ugh.
But anyway. here we are
getting married now.
It's great.
so fast-forward to now.
We'd love our rings.
[chanting]
Kiss. Kiss. Kiss.
[all]
Kiss. Kiss. Kiss. Kiss. Kiss.
-Actually. we're just gonna...
-Kiss! Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
-We're just gonna...
Kiss! Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
-[all cheer]
-[camera shutters click]
Guys. seriously?
-We're actually gonna head.
-We should leave. right?
This is a lot.
And the champagne was...
* I'm just waiting
for your love *
* You know you are
the only one *
* That I think of *
* And all I want to do
is fuel the fire *
[all]
Oh.
-Seriously. these suck.
-Every single one.
Blurry.
No. actually.
Zoey's the big spoon
and I'm the little spoon.
We're cute like that.
[all laugh]
Hugo. you are hilarious.
Where did you grow up again?
[in normal voice]
Burbank.
[in Australian accent]
Uh... Brisbane.
[laughs]
Australia. Brisbane.
[Lyric] Sometimes I use an
Australian accent when I go out.
[in bad Australian accent]
You wouldn't believe
how many men. women.
and nonbinary people I get
when I use this voice.
Hey. Hugo. could you text
Zoey for me?
I've tried a bunch of times.
but she hasn't responded.
Yeah. can do.
I'll get us a bottle
while I'm out.
[sighs]
All right. see you soon.
[in bad accent]
Ugh. Aussies are the best.
[computerized voice]
Hey. Logan. here's an idea.
I can still officiate
the wedding
using text to voice.
What? No. dude.
Absolutely not.
Look. I can't find Chase
anywhere. Where is he?
[wheezing]
Dude. I can't hear
a single thing you're saying.
Where is he?
-I'll text him.
Thank you. Jared.
[computerized voice]
Jared. you suck.
Really. Michael?
[upbeat music playing]
[Chase and Zoey laughing]
[Chase] Is that what happens
when you get engaged?
Free champagne
everywhere you go?
[Zoey] No. that's what happens
when you drop
-six figures on a ring.
-[laughs]
So. um. you think you and Hugo
will get engaged?
[laughing] No.
I'm-I'm-- I mean. no.
Not really thinking
about marriage.
But what about you?
Danielle? No.
I mean. she's great.
Um. for now.
Uh. you know.
the timing just felt right.
Timing. Something we never had.
[somber music playing]
I'm so sorry about Hawaii.
I tried to call.
I sent messages.
And I completely understand
why you didn't respond.
but I wanted the chance
to explain why I--
Left me alone on a literal
island and waited weeks to call?
Yeah. why did you do that?
I guess I was so used to it
not working out between us
that I was scared
of what would happen
if it actually did.
So I just bailed.
I really. really wish I hadn't.
I mean. I've tried to move on.
I've tried to forget.
I threw myself into work.
Distanced myself
from all of our friends.
I even downloaded
every dating app on Earth.
But no matter what I did.
it always came back to you.
I know that sounds
so ridiculous. but it's why...
[music brightens. intensifies]
-[alarm beeping]
-[music fades]
[Chase]
Why is the car stopping?
[male voice]
Zero percent charge.
Oh. my gosh.
You have to charge this car.
[Chase]
Yeah. that's kind of a thing.
[dramatic orchestral music
playing]
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
Is that what you're wearing?
Yeah. why?
No reason.
-Anything yet from Zoey?
-No.
Calls are going
straight to voicemail.
Why is...
...nothing going through?
[Chase] Yeah. I think I had
better over here. actually.
[Zoey] What am I gonna do?
How could this be the one spot
that there's absolutely
no service?
[cell phone beeping]
Zoey. Zoey. hey. hey.
I think we can make it.
but we have to go.
We have to walk now.
-Okay.
-Come on.
[Chase] Yeah. it'll be good.
Here we go.
Have you heard from Chase
this morning?
Nobody can get
a hold of him.
No. I haven't.
Wow. you look so good.
Thanks. So do you.
-Have you heard from Zoey?
-No. I haven't.
Wait. Is this supposed
to be their first look?
-They're weird like that.
-[Logan] Wait.
So the maid of honor and
the best man are both missing?
I can't believe this.
[Zoey. breathlessly]
How much farther?
[Chase] Oh. Here.
Okay. Thank you.
Here. you wear mine.
Oh. that's so much better.
Yeah. this is...
-This is not better.
-Okay.
Oh. God.
[indistinct chatter]
[music continues]
[music ends with
an echoing gong note]
[electronic music playing]
[vocalizing softly]
[bell rings]
So normally I could not
afford Montecito.
but I can afford Montecito
if the house has had a murder.
-which this one has.
-Uh-huh.
-The whole first floor--
-I think that might be wet.
What is that?
Uh. it's "White Diamond."
Mr. Kevyn.
Benjamin Moore?
This is a great shade.
I mean. I love it.
Will you paint my office
that color?
-Yeah.
-Great. Now?
-Oh. Yeah. Yes. sir.
-Now!
No. in the future. Now!
-Greg!
-Hi. hi.
Hey.
Does anyone have eyes
on the car?
[dramatic orchestral music
playing]
[Chase] Oh. God.
Come on. we gotta go.
We gotta go.
[Zoey sighs] Okay.
[cell phone vibrating]
[phone line ringing]
-Hello?
-Oh. my God!
I thought you were dead!
I hoped you were dead!
I've called you
like a thousand times.
-Where the hell are you?
-I know. I know.
So I didn't exactly realize that
the car needed to be charged.
So it's dead on the side
of the PCH.
Oh. my God!
But it's okay.
The car doesn't even
need to be there...
because Jordan B. is going
to listen to what I say.
How are you gonna tell him what
to say if you're not here?
Archer. you're gonna
have to trust me on this one.
Well. I actually don't.
-[sighs]
-Um...
I didn't mean to eavesdrop.
but it sounds like
you've gotten yourself into
quite a complicated situation.
You have no idea.
[Chase gasping]
[Lyric vocalizing]
[electronic music playing]
Okay. we have waited
as long as we can. all right?
These guests are gonna leave
if we have to listen to Lyric
sing anymore.
[Zoey] Wait.
We're here.
And we have the rings.
Quinn. I'm so sorry.
I can explain.
No. No explanations. all right?
We are late enough as it is.
Places. Go. Go.
Cue Lyric.
[mystical synth music playing]
[sighs]
Cue me.
[vocalizing]
And cue Michael and Mark.
* This *
* Is my gift to you *
* A song *
* For your day brand-new *
Cue Camille and Jared.
* Written *
* By me *
* For you *
* You together *
* She's in her wedding dress *
* And he's hoping
she'll say yes... *
I was really worried
about you.
I know. I'm so sorry.
* I wrote it for the both... *
And Zoey and Chase.
* Ooh *
* I just want you both
to know *
* That I wrote this song *
* Yeah. I wrote this song *
Thirty seconds to showtime.
[man]
Thirty seconds. everybody.
Hey. what am I supposed to do?
Are you seriously
asking me that?
-Yes.
-If you pick a Pontiac over me
on live television.
I will make your life
a living hell. hmm?
Hey. pal.
Pre-show jitters
are totally normal. okay?
Here's what I want you to do.
Just relax and listen to Zoey.
-Can you do that for me?
-I think so.
You're gonna be great.
-Oh. who's Zoey?
-She's not here. dude.
You'll have to manage this
on your own.
-Nice hair. by the way.
-Thanks.
-Fifteen seconds.
-Wow. okay. Joey. Thank you.
[Kelley]
And paging Zoey.
Zoey. do you copy?
Where's the girl?
[Zoey. on earpiece]
I'm here. I'm here. Jordan.
You got this. buddy.
Just take a deep breath for me.
[inhales sharply]
[sighs loudly]
This should be fun.
Please rise.
[gentle music continues]
Welcome to
the LOVE: Fully Charged
season six live finale!
[applause]
I'm your host. Archer March.
Three couples remain.
But only one can win.
And that couple will soon
be revealed.
[applause]
First. let's look
at some highlights
from this juicy season.
[gentle music continues]
[song continues indistinctly]
[vocalizations continue]
Love you.
[in deep. booming voice]
You may be seated.
No?
[clears throat]
Dearly beloved...
[Archer] Are you ready. America?
[audience cheers]
I don't know about you.
but my heart is racing.
Ugh. I'm sorry.
I just hate their faces.
Is it just me?
Don't-- I'd like you
not to answer.
...of two of my very favorite
people in the world.
A genius. whose discoveries
will define a generation.
and my rich friend.
Logan Reese.
the winners of LOVE:
Fully Charged season six are...
Jordan B. and Jordyn J.!
[audience cheering]
Congratulations. you guys.
Wow. This is so well-deserved.
How are you feeling right now?
Uh...
Say. "It wouldn't
have been possible
without this beautiful woman."
It wouldn't have been possible
without this beautiful woman.
[audience]
Aw!
Oh. um. did the maid of honor
have something
she wanted to say?
-[feedback squeals]
-Oh. no! God!
[people murmuring]
Oh. no! God!
[Zoey] Sorry.
I'm just so overwhelmed
with emotion.
Uh-huh. Um. as I was saying...
Sorry. I'm just so overwhelmed
with emotion.
[Archer] Okay. well. um.
don't get too excited.
because it's not over yet.
You still have a very big
decision to make.
Tight on the garage.
Perfect. Very nice.
Should anyone present
know of any reason
that this couple should not
be joined in holy matrimony.
speak now or forever
hold your peace.
[music fades]
[deep. rumbling note resonates]
Stacey.
[Stacey] You.
It's you.
Mark.
Hugo.
You were right under my nose.
How did I not see it sooner?
First. you came to the welcome
reception in dirty scrubs.
and no self-respecting ER doctor
would ever leave the hospital
in dirty scrubs.
Two. you said you were
from Burbank.
which is not in Australia.
And also...
you have massive hands.
Hey. look...
Everyone. this man
is not the charming.
selfless. hilarious.
extremely jacked Hemsworth
cousin that we all thought.
This man is the Malibu Murderer!
-[all gasp]
-Wait. wait? Murderer?
No. no. no. no. I...
[in normal voice]
I'm not a murderer.
I'm an actor.
[indistinct murmuring]
Jordan B.. what do you love most
about Jordyn J.?
-What's going on?
-Nothing. absolutely nothing.
Nothing. absolutely nothing.
[audience gasps]
[Archer] Jordan B..
we're all a little confused.
What is it that you really want?
If it's absolutely nothing.
then why were you late?
It was the car! The car!
[gasps]
No. Jordan. not you.
The car. Oh. the car!
[audience gasps]
[mouthing]
Can you explain all of this?
Yes. Sorry. Of course.
Am I hearing you correctly?
[laughs nervously]
You're choosing the car?
Yes. Sorry. Of course.
[crying]
Open the garage. I guess.
[tense music playing]
[Kelley] Where is the car?
Where is the effing car?
Greg?
Are you watching
LOVE: Fully Charged ?
Oh! Who won?
What is going on?
[somber music playing]
I'm working.
I'm working during your wedding.
I got an opportunity.
and I tried to do both.
If you had to work.
why didn't you just tell me?
Because this is so important.
and you were so excited.
So I lied. To myself. to you.
To everyone.
What about him?
What is Stacey talking about?
Hugo is not a murderer.
I'm not sure how she came
to that conclusion.
His name is Todd.
and I hired him to be
my boyfriend for the weekend.
I knew something
was going on with you.
You've been distant
and distracted.
and you completely abandoned me
when I needed you the most.
To do what? Hang out with Chase?
Zoey. you should be
ashamed of yourself.
Logan. don't even start.
You care more about
making this wedding a spectacle
than about making it meaningful.
You completely ignored me
every step of the way.
None of this is what I wanted.
Our wedding is off.
[crowd gasps]
* If I'm so smart *
* Why do I feel so dumb? *
* Why did you take *
* My heart *
* Then just cut and run? *
* And if the pain is real *
* Why do I feel so numb? *
* And if I'm so smart... *
-[audience jeering]
-I don't know what's happening.
I don't know
what's happening.
I could do
everyone's job in here
better than everyone who
is not doing their job in here.
Everyone's fired. Get out.
* ...feel so down *
* Why do I see *
So I guess this is a wrap
on me then. huh?
Yeah. Thanks for everything
this weekend.
I'm so sorry I dragged you
into all this.
and I can't even
get you on the show.
I'm an actor in L.A.
I kind of expect
to be disappointed.
You got my head shot
and resume?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
* If I'm so high *
* Why do I feel so down? *
[sighs]
* And if I'm so brave *
* Why do I feel so scared? *
* Why did you tell me stay *
* Then just disappear *
* And if it's true *
* You're going *
* Why do I still
feel you here? *
* So long. farewell *
* Goodbye *
-Hey.
So. did you talk to Danielle?
I mean. I feel awful.
Zoey. I...
I have a confession.
Danielle and I actually broke up
two weeks ago.
She agreed to still
come with me to the wedding
so I didn't have
to show up alone.
Well. at least you didn't
hire an actor.
[laughs]
Yeah. there's that.
[gentle music playing]
How did I screw this up so bad.
and when did life get so messy?
I know we thought
high school was hard.
but I would kill
to go back to PCA.
Yeah. it's too bad Quinn hasn't
invented a time machine yet.
I'm sure we'd all love
to go back.
Yeah.
Go back.
That's exactly
what we need to do.
Uh. what?
[dramatic orchestral music
playing]
[music fades]
[Zoey]
This is gonna take a while.
All right. people.
let's get to work.
Let's do it.
[Stacey]
Think there's anything left
in the old
arts and crafts studio?
You know. this is great and all.
but what if I can't
get her here?
I've tried flower arrangements.
edible arrangements.
a sky writer. nothing.
Have you tried talking to her?
-No!
-Maybe try that.
-There's so much to do.
-I know. I know.
Do you mind helping Ms. Reese
with lights over there?
Thank you.
[Stacey] I don't know. Mark!
Just be helpful!
-I'm trying.
-Here. I'll help.
-Thank you.
-Got it.
Zoey!
Look what I found!
No. no. you're under strict
vocal rest until it's time.
Is this cake?
-Yeah.
-I knew it.
[Chase] Okay. okay.
Okay. listen.
I know that we thought
Sushi Rox closed
when the school did.
but it turns out Kazu's son
started a food truck.
and they'd be more than happy
to cater.
Perfect. She loves sushi.
Cool. I think
that covers everything. right?
Except for music.
I know that Quinn was really
excited about the band.
but unfortunately
they're unavailable today.
So who are we gonna get
to play the music?
Me.
I'm a DJ too.
* You're welcome *
Sounds pretty good.
That settles it.
So. what do we do now?
Now? We wait.
[dramatic music playing]
[soft squeaking]
[music softens. brightens]
I'm so sorry. Quinn!
Maybe this all happened
for a reason.
Maybe we just want
different things.
-And maybe that's okay.
-No!
I don't want different things.
I only want what you want.
I was trying so hard
to make this wedding perfect
for me and for you.
I stopped thinking about us.
I was an idiot.
I was worse than an idiot.
I was--
A groomzilla?
Yes.
Is that a thing?
All I know is I want
to be with you...
because I love you. Quinn.
I love you too. Logan.
I love Quinn Pensky!
And I love Logan Reese!
[man] Shut up!
Hang on. I'll buzz you up.
Can you come down?
I was hoping we could go
for a ride.
Logan. where are we?
What are we doing?
[music slowly builds]
[sweeping. romantic music
playing]
[music softens]
Hi.
What is all this?
Did you do this?
We all did.
Quinn. I'm so sorry.
You can't not marry
your best friend
because your other best friend
ruined it.
But I'm wearing this.
Well. you did always say
that you'd rather get married
in a lab coat.
-[laughs]
-Here.
How do you feel?
Like myself.
Quinn Pensky...
will you marry me still?
-Yes?
-Yeah.
-Yes! Yes!
-[all laugh]
-She said yes.
-[guests applaud]
[playing "Wedding March"]
[Michael clears throat]
[Michael. hoarsely]
Dearly beloved.
-[in normal voice] Just kidding!
-[all laugh]
We're gathered here today
to celebrate this beautiful love
between Quinn Pensky
and Logan Reese.
[upbeat dance music playing]
Seriously. best ceremony
I've ever heard.
I mean. hilarious.
heartbreaking. personal.
Did you write that yourself?
I've been writing that
since high school
when they first fell in love.
You should do our wedding.
Oh. I'm down.
Let's do it. Let's go!
[cell phone vibrating]
Oh. excuse me.
I have to take this.
Kelley. I know
what you're going to say.
and my stuff will be out
of the office on Monday.
[Kelley]
I'm promoting you.
You're what?
The numbers are in.
It was the highest-rated
LOVE: Fully Charged
finale ever.
The network is sharting
their brains with happiness.
They want a spin-off
with both Jordans.
I want you on my team.
-I don't know what to say.
-There is so much more to you
than meets the eye.
You have so much more
to offer.
What you did by throwing out
every reality TV trope.
by ignoring me at every turn.
that took balls.
I respect balls.
-You're right.
-What?
I do have a lot to offer.
And I'm tired of wasting it
on people who don't deserve it.
like you.
-I quit.
-I'll double your salary.
-And give me the corner office?
-Yeah. sure.
And fire Greg?
-Hey. Greg?
-What?
You're fired.
All right.
-Yeah. done.
-[Stacey] Oh. there he is! Todd!
[cheering]
One more thing.
Deal.
Hey. Jordan?
Go home.
I don't know where I live!
I am sorry that I accused you
of being a murderer.
but you have to understand
it was not my fault.
It was Mark's.
Mark. what did you do?
I followed a bad lead.
That's right. And what do you
have to say to Quinn?
I am sorry
we ruined your wedding?
We?
I'm sorry I ruined your wedding.
[Stacey] Better.
Oh. I am also very sorry.
but he does not speak for me.
-[scoffs]
-No. it's a feminism thing.
We do that--
Where are you going?
Todd. you made it.
I'm so sorry I'm late.
I manny on the weekends.
Well. you may not
have to anymore.
because I got you on the show!
-No.
-Yes!
Thank you!
Everybody. get out of the way.
Quinn and my dumb brother
are gonna do their first dance.
[all cheer]
["You Wanna Be My Man"
by The Shivas plays]
-So...
-Tell me.
This wedding sucks.
Where are the oyster shuckers?
-All right. I deserved that.
-[laughs]
* I *
* Don't know *
* Don't care *
-* Won't go *
-Phew.
You want to dance?
* You say *
What's next. Chase Matthews?
Back to Baltimore?
You know.
it is really cold out there.
Well. I heard.
and don't quote me.
but I heard there are schools
in California.
Oh. well...
Well. maybe I'll look into that.
But whatever the future holds...
I hope that you're in it.
Because...
I love you. Zoey.
And I always have.
I...
love you too.
[music continues]
[cheers and applause]
Ugh. I'm bored.
[music changes abruptly]
* Starships were meant to fly *
* Hands up and touch the sky *
* Can't stop.
'cause we're so high *
* Let's do this one more time *
* Starships were meant to fly *
* Hands up and touch the sky *
* Let's do this one last time *
* Can't stop.
we're higher than a mother... *
-["Starships" continues]
-Toss it back! Woo!
* We're higher
than a mother... *
* Starships were meant
to fly... *
I hear you're. like.
a producer.
Heard of Drippin' ?
And you're friends with Logan?
And he didn't
introduce me to you?
[whiny]
Logan. you always do this to me!
You never support me
in any of my endeavors!
I support you. Don't--
* Starships were meant to fly *
Good for you for picking up
on the rebound. you know?
Yeah!
-Yeah. Yeah!
-Yeah.
Sloppy seconds.
* Can't stop.
we're higher than a mother... *
* We're higher
than a mother... *
[song ends. fades]
I know you're bummed we didn't
catch him this time. Stace.
but we will.
We always do.
That's why we're the number one
murder podcast in America.
Yeah.
You're probably right.
So great meeting you. Todd.
Sorry again
about that little mix-up.
Oh. don't even worry about it.
You guys get home safe. okay?
[dramatic music playing]
Shh.
[music ends abruptly]
["Follow Me" by
Jamie Lynn Spears plays]
I have ideas.
Excuse me. did I wink?
[laughter]
[woman]
You're loving it. Mr. Perry.
-Oh. I am.
-[laughs]
Mr. Perry.
you own a jewelry shop.
I'm loving it too.
[laughing]
Bubbe! What are you doing?
Oh. I thought you were cake.
-No. it's me.
-I almost ate you.
Here. I got your back.
-[belches]
-Oh. my God!
-We're in a car!
-It didn't smell bad.
[chuckles]
Somebody help me. My God.
With a 300-mile driving radius--
Uh-huh. what's the line?
[laughs]
I'm sorry to this camera
that has to go back and forth.
Loving you.
-[chatter]
-* Yeah. yeah *
* Tell the DJ... *
[man] And...
[woman]
Could you play that back?
[laughs]
* Yeah *
Are you guys still filming me?
Can I ask an honest question?
Can you tell that these are
ladies' leggings?
I don't think you can tell.
Right?
* Yeah. yeah *
I'm good.
-[man] Cut.
-[indistinct chatter]
-Are you okay?
-[Erin] No. I'm not.
And that's that.
* Inside your head *
* Just get out
with me instead *
* Let's melt the stress away *
* Yeah. yeah *
* Yeah. yeah. you *
* Do what you want to do *
* Be your own kind of muse *
* It's your role to play *
* Yeah. yeah *
* Tell the DJ play *
* We can dance all day *
* Let's just get away. yeah *
* We can make them see *
* All of the things
that we can be *
* Forget all your fears
and follow me *
* Yeah. yeah. yeah *
* The stars are shining now *
* They're shining for you *
* Shining for you *
* But you don't need
shooting stars *
* The magic's all in you *
* We can make them see *
* All of the things
that we can be *
* Forget all your fears
and follow me *
* Yeah. yeah. yeah *
* Tell the DJ play *
* We can dance all day *
* Let's just get away *
* Yeah *
* We can make them see *
* All of the things
that we can be *
* Forget all your fears
and follow me *
* Yeah. yeah. yeah *
[music fades]
[dramatic orchestral music
playing]
[music fades]